Mention :nth-child of-syntax in :nth-of-type (#44063)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/selectors/_colon_nth-of-type/index.md

{{EmbedLiveSample('Basic_example', 250, 250)}}

> [!NOTE]

> > There is no way to select the nth-of-class using this selector. The selector looks at the type only when creating the list of matches. You can however apply CSS to an element based on `:nth-of-type` location **and** a class, as shown in the example above. You can use the newer [`:nth-of-child`'s `of` syntax](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Selectors/:nth-child#syntax:~:text=The%20of%20%3Cselector%3E%20syntax) to achieve a "nth-of-class" behavior.

Reviewer: I'd suggest reordering it something like this:

```suggestion
> There is no way to select the "nth-of-class" using this selector. The `:nth-of-type` selector looks at the type only when creating the list of matches. You can however use the [`:nth-of-child` selector `of` syntax](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Selectors/:nth-child#the_of_selector_syntax) to achieve a "nth-of-class" behavior. You can also apply CSS to an element based on `:nth-of-type` location **and** a class, as shown in the previous example. 
```

Note also the removal of "newer", as that kind of language doesn't age very well.

Finally, I simplified the URL a bit — the heading did have a fragment, but there was no fragment link available on the page, so I had to look in the DevTools to get the ID.

Author: yeah, i almost did that reordering but didnt (idk why lol)

as for the use of "newer", in that case it does age well since nth-of-type will forever be older **than** :nth-child of syntax, but i don't see a problem with removing it either

thx!

> > There is no way to select the "nth-of-class" using this selector. The `:nth-of-type` selector looks at the type only when creating the list of matches. You can however use the [`:nth-of-child` selector `of` syntax](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Selectors/:nth-child#the_of_selector_syntax) to achieve a "nth-of-class" behavior. You can also apply CSS to an element based on `:nth-of-type` location **and** a class, as shown in the previous example. 

Author: ```suggestion
> There is no way to select the "nth-of-class" using this selector. The `:nth-of-type` selector looks at the type only when creating the list of matches. You can however use the [`:nth-of-child` selector `of` syntax](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Selectors/:nth-child#the_of_selector_syntax) to achieve this behavior. You can also apply CSS to an element based on `:nth-of-type` location **and** a class, as shown in the previous example. 
```

isnt this a repeat now that the sentence has been moved here? (nitpicking tbh)

Reviewer: I think it's OK, as the first time round we are saying "nth-of-class" and the second time round we are saying "nth-of-class" behavior.
